fix(doc): prepare new release 3.9.2 (#4845)
tracim/tracim: changelog.md

# 3.9.2 / 2021-07-30

Fix installation process (broken due to the last version of Yarn).

### Fixed Issues

> - Docker: [#4830](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/4830)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Backend/Docker: [#4830](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/4830)
```

# 3.9.2 / 2021-07-30

> This stabilisation release fixes an issue with the build docker process. It is no more possible to build docker images
> of oldest Tracim versions (due to the last version of Yarn).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This stabilisation release fixes an issue with the build docker process. It is not possible to build Docker images of old versions of Tracim (due to the Yarn version). These images are not available again, but the problem has been fixed for the new versions.```
